---
layout: post
title: First Snow Fall
categories: Beginner 
---

## Subtitles

Today is November 26th. It snowed all day today. The snow is beautifull. The snow finally stopped. My sister and I are excited. My mom doesn't like the snow. My mom has to **shovel** **drive way**. My sister and i get to play. I put on my hat and **mittens**. My mom puts on my **scarf**.My mon  zippers my jacket. My sister puts on her hat and mittens. My mom zippers her jacket. My sister and i go outside. We begin to make a snow man. My mom starts to shovel the snow. My sister and i make **snow angnels**. My sister and I throw snowballs. It starts to snow again. We go inside for hot chocolate

## Vocabulary

## Shovel (noun): (xẻng) a tool like a **spade** with a long handle and a **broad** (rộng) **metal** part with **curved edges**, used for moving earth, snow, stand, etc. 

    - workmen with picks and shovels
    - The chilldren took their **pails and shovels** to the beach.

## spade (n): (thuổng) a garden tool with a broad metal part and long handle, used for **digging**

    - The children took their **buckets and spades** to the beach.

## broad (adjective) --- wide (rộng)

    - a broad street / avenue (*đại lộ*) / river
    - He's go broad **shoulders** (*bở vai rộng*)
    - He is tall, broad and **muscular**. (*cơ bắp*)
    - a broad smile/grin (= one in which your mouth is stretched very wide because you are very pleased)

## drive way (phrasal verb): drive away | drive somebody / something away

- **to leave in a vehicle; to take somebody away in a vehicle**: để lại trong một chiếc xe; đưa ai đó đi bằng xe

    - We heard him drive away
    - Someone drove the car away in the night
    - She got into the car and drove away.
- **drive somebody away**: to make somebody not want to stay or not want to go somewhere

    - Her constant nagging drove him away.
    - Terrorist threats are driving away tourists.