---
layout: post
title: Homework
categories: Beginner 
---

## Vocabulary

link youtobe: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZAO2VV491I&list=PL43YjTtbLaNQ8EcD5r4qqFytU1zkT983L

##  **Addition (n) :** the process of adding two or more numbers together to find their total

**Examples:**

+ The children learn addition and subtraction

##  **Subtraction (n) :** the process of taking a number or amount away from another number or amount

**Examples:**

+ The children are tested on basic addition and subtraction

##  **Multiplication (n):** the act or process of multiplying

**Examples**

+ Multiplication of cells leads to rapid growth of the organism

##  **Capital (n):**  the most important town or city of country, usually where the central government operates from

**Examples:**

+ Ha Noi is the capital of Viet Nam

##  **except /ɪkˈsept/ (preposition)** ( ngoai tru) used before you mention the only thing or person about which a statement is not true

**Examples:**

+ We work every day except Sunday.
+ I had nothing on except for my socks.

## **mention (verbb)** (đề cập đến) to write or speak about something/somebody, especially without giving much information.

 **mention something/somebody**: Sorry, I won't mention it again.

 **mention something/somebody to somebody**: Nobody mentioned anything to me about it.

 **mention where, why, etc…v**:  Did she mention where she was going?

 **mention that…**  You mentioned in your letter that you might be moving abroad.

 **mention doing something**:  Did I mention going to see Vicky on Sunday?

##  **rather /ˈrɑːðə(r)/ (adverb)**  used to mean ‘fairly’ or ‘to some degree’, often when you are disappointed, surprised or expressing slight criticism

**Examples:**

+ a rather large sum of money
+ It was a rather difficult question.

##  **solve (verb)** *solve something* (giải quyết điều gì đó) to find a way of dealing with a problem or difficult situation

**Examples:**

+ to solve an issue/a crisis 
+ You can't solve anything by just running away.
+ I hope that he can find a good way to solve these problems.

##  **dealing (noun)** (xử lý) dealings [plural] business activities; the relations that you have with somebody in business

**Examples:**

+ I knew nothing of his business dealings.

##  **route  /ruːt/ (noun)** (tuyen duong) a way that you follow to get from one place to another

**route from A to B**  the quickest route from Florence to Rome

**route to something** Mark showed me the quickest route to the hospital on foot.

##  **explorer (noun)**: ( nhà thám hiểm) a person who travels to places where few people have been before or places that are unknown to them, in order to find out more about them


##  **least (determiner, pronoun)**  (ít nhất) smallest in size, amount, degree, etc.

**Examples:**

+ He's the best teacher, even though he has the least experience.
+ She never had the least idea what to do about it.
+ **the least of something**  How others see me is the least of my worries (= I have more important things to worry about).
+ It's the least I can do to help (= I feel I should do more).


# Subtitles

- Sometimes my teacher gives my homework. i don't mind doing my homework **except** when the weather is really nice, and all my friends are outside. On those nights, I'd **rather** be outside with them, so I try to get my homework done quickly.
Tonight, I have some English homework. We have been reading a book. We have to read a chapter of the book and answer the questions at the end of the chapter. It is interesting book, so the homework foe this is quite easy. My math homework is not so easy. I have to do some addition and subtraction. I don't mind that, bu there are some problems that need to be **solved**. The problems **involve** addition, subtraction and multiplication. I am not good with numbers. I need to work harder on my math. I just finished a project for history. I had to make a map of Canada with diagrams showing the **routes** of all the **explorers**. It was an interesting project because I have been to some of the places that the explorers went to. I don't have any science homework. At shoole, we are growing bean plants. We go in every day and see how the plants have grown. The only other homework that I have is **geography**.  I have a map of Canada, and I have to write the names of all the **provinces** and their capitals on it. Its won't take me long to do that because I know all the **provinces**. When my homework is all done, i will go outside and play ball with my friends until it is time come in. I am a good student. I get good marks because I like school. I favorite subjects are physical education, English and history. Math is my **least** favorite subject, but I am trying to improve my marks in that. 