---
layout: post
title: Shadowing 
categories: Shadowing 
---

## The First Song

She sists in the car. Her dad turns on the radio. A song plays. She taps her feet. She **sways** her head. Her dad laughs at her. 
He likes the song too. The song is over. The radio plays a different song. She does not like the new song. She sits quietly. 


## Vocabulary

### sway (verb): to move slowly from side to side; to move something in this way

 - The branches were swaying in the wind.
 - Vicky swayed and fell.

 ## Visiting the Doctor

 Haley feels hot. Her mom **touches** her **forehead**. Haley has a **fever**. The mom takes Haley to a doctor. The doctor is kind. He gives her a sticker. He tells her to take a **pill**. He tells her to drinks a lot of water. Haley goes home. She takes the **pill** and drinks water. She does this for there days. She is healthy again. 


 ## Vocabulary

 ### touch /tʌtʃ/ (verb): touch somebody / something to put your hand or another part of your body onto somebody/ something

 - Don't touch that plate - it's hot ! 
 - **touch somebody on something** I touched him lightly on the arm.

 ### forehead (n):the part of the face above the eyes and below the hair

 - He wiped the sweat from his forehead.

 ### fever (noun): a medical condition in which a person has a temperature that is higher than normal

 - He has a high fever.
 - Aspirin should help reduce the fever.

 ### pill (noun) a small flat round piece of medicine that you swallow whole, without biting it

 - a vitamin pill
 - Take three pills daily after meals.
 - The doctor prescribed her some pills to help her sleep.